These are the developers of Supybot, in approximate order of ____.

Jeremy Fincher (jemfinch) is a Computer Science student at The Ohio State
University.  He spends most of his free time with his girlfriend Meg, but
also plays chess and is trying to break into the Rugby world.  He hopes to
graduate with good enough grades to go to law school at some point in the
future.  He initially wrote the majority of the Supybot framework and
standard plugins, though he's been trying to slowly phase himself out of
plugin-writing and more into framework-enhancement.  Rather than list the
specific things he's done, you can just attribute anything that isn't
otherwise attributed to other people to him.

Daniel DiPaolo is a lazy Texan punk with no job who spends his free time
coding, playing ultimate frisbee, and arguing pointless things on the
internet.  As far as the bot goes, he's mainly a plugin developer but he
has helped here and there with various under-the-hood things and is one
of the few people (other than jemfinch) who understands the inner workings
of Supybot.  His biggest plugin contribution (in terms of sheer lines of
code) has been the MoobotFactoids plugin and all the workd involved in
getting that plugin to work, but he has also helped with a lot of testing,
debugging, and brainstorming.  He also wrote the Dunno, News, and Todo
plugins and is responsible for a significant amount of code in the Poll,
Debian, QuoteGrabs, Karma, and ChannelDB plugins.

Brett Kelly (inkedmn) is a hobbyist (soon to be professional :)) coder
from southern California who enjoys collecting tattoos (on his body) and
drinking coffee with his wife.  He initially wrote the Note plugin as well
as several commands in the Http plugin.

Vincent Foley-Bourgon is a recently-graduated student from Quebec who
enjoys anything pointless, unprofitable, and generally useless.  Recently
returning to Supybot development (after writing the original freshmeat
command for the Http plugin) he wrote the entire Hangman infrastructure
for the Words plugin.
