Version 0.80.0pre3

The database format for the Note plugin has changed to a flatfile
format; use tools/noteConvert.py to convert it to the new format.

Ditto that for the URL database.

FunDB is deprecated and will be removed at the next major release;
use tools/fundbConvert.py to convert your old FunDB databases to Lart
and Praise databases.

If you had turned off supybot.databases.plugins.channelSpecific, your
non-channel-specific database files had gone directly into your data/
directory.  We had some problems with poor interactions between that
configuration variable and channel capabilities, though, so we
changed the implementation so that non-channel-specific databases are
considered databases of a single (configurable) channel (defaulting
to "#").  This will also help others who are converting from
channel-specific to non-channel-specific databases, but for you
who've already made the switch, you'll need to move your database
files again, from data/ to data/# (or whatever channel you might
change that variable to).

supybot.channels doesn't exist anymore; now the only list of channels
to join is per-network, in supybot.networks.<network>.channels.

We weren't serializing supybot.replies.* properly in older versions.
Now we are, but the old, improperly serialized versions won't work
properly.  Remove from your configuration file all variables
beginning with "supybot.replies" before you start the bot.

The URL database has been changed again, but it will use a different
filename so you shouldn't run into conflicts, just a newly-empty
database.

We upgraded the SOAP stuff in others; you may do well to do a
setup.py install --clean this time around.

Version 0.80.0pre2

Many more bugs have been fixed.  A few more plugins have been updated
to use our new-style database abstraction.  If it seems like your
databases are suddenly empty, look for a new database file named
Plugin.dbtype.db.  We've also added a few more configuration variables.


Version 0.80.0pre1

Tons of bugs fixed, many features and plugins added.  Everything
should be entirely compatible; many more configuration variables have
been added.


Version 0.79.9999

Some more bugs fixed, added a few features and a couple configuration
variabless.  This should hopefully be the last release before 0.80.0,
which will finally bring us to pure Beta status.


Version 0.79.999

Some bugs fixed, but the ones that were fixed were pretty big.  This
is, of course, completely compatible with the last release.


Version 0.79.99

Many bugs fixed, thanks to the users who reported them.  We're
getting asymptotically closer to 0.80.0 -- maybe this'll be the last
one, maybe we'll have to release an 0.79.999 -- either way, we're
getting close :)  Check out the ChangeLog for the fixes and a few new
features.


Version 0.79.9

We've changed so much stuff in this release that we've given up on
users upgrading their configuration files for the new release.  So
do a clean install (python2.3 setup.py install --clean), run the
wizard again, and kick some butt.

(It's rumored that you can save most of your old configuration by
appending your new configuration at the end of your old configuration
and running supybot with that new configuration file.  This, of
course, comes with no warranty or guarantee of utility -- try it if
you want, but backup your original configuration file!)


Version 0.77.2

This is a drop-in replacement for 0.77.1, with two exceptions.  The
configuration variable formerly known as
"supybot.plugins.Services.password" is now known as
"supybot.plugins.Services.NickServ.password", due to the fact that
there might be different passwords for NickServ and ChanServ (and
ChanServ passwords are per-channel, whereas NickServ passwords are
global).  If you're using the Services plugin, you'll need to make
this change in order to continue identifying with services. The
configuration variable formerly known as
"supybot.plugins.Babelfish.disabledLanguages" is now known as
"supybot.plugins.Babelfish.languages".  The configuration variable now
accepts the languages that *will* be translated as opposed to ones
that are *not* translated.

Tests and the developer sandbox are not longer delivered with our
release tarballs.  If you're a developer and you want these, you
should either check out CVS or download one of our weekly CVS
snapshots, available at http://supybot.sourceforge.net/snapshots/ .


Version 0.77.1

This is a drop-in replacement for 0.77.0 -- no incompatibilities, to
out knowledge.  Simply install over your old installation and restart
your bot :)


Version 0.77.0

Setup.py will automatically remove your old installations for you, no
need to worry about that yourself.

Configuration has been *entirely* redone.  Read the new
GETTING_STARTED document to see how to work with configuration
variables now.  Your old botscripts from earlier versions *will not*
work with the new configuration method.  We'd appreciate it if you'd
rerun the wizard in order for us to find any bugs that remain in it
before we officially declare ourselves Beta.  Note also that because
of the new configuration method, the interface for plugins' configure
function has changed: there are no longer any onStart or afterConnect
arguments, so all configuration should be performed via the registry.

Channel capabilities have been changed; rather than being
#channel.capability, they're now #channel,capability.  It's a bit
uglier, we know, but dots can be valid in channel names, and we
needed the dot for handling plugin.command capabilities.
tools/ircdbConvert.py should update this for you.

The on-disk format of the user/channel databases has changed to be far
more readable.  A conversion utility is included, as mentioned before:
tools/ircdbConvert.py.  Run this with no arguments to see the
directions for using it.

Uh, we were just kidding about the upgrade script in 0.76.0 :)  It'll
be a little while longer.  We do have several little upgrade scripts,
though.


Version 0.76.1

Almost entirely bugfixes, just some minor (and some less minor) bugs
that need to get in before we really start hacking on the next
version.  Should be *entirely* compatible with 0.76.0.


Version 0.76.0

Major bugfix release.  A great number of bugs fixed.  This is the last
release without an upgrade script.

The only hiccup in the upgrade from 0.75.0 should be that you'll need
to update your botscript to reflect the removal of the debug module.
We'd rather you use supybot-wizard to generate a new botscript, of
course, but if you insist on modifying your existing botscript, take a
look at
<http://cvs.sourceforge.net/viewcvs.py/supybot/supybot/src/template.py?r1=1.20&r2=1.21>
to see what you need to do.


Version 0.75.0

Don't forget to reinstall (i.e., run "python setup.py install" as
root).  Sometimes it even does good to remove the old installation;
$PYTHON/site-packages/supybot can be removed with no problems
whatsoever.

You will need to re-run supybot-wizard and generate a new botscript.

The Infobot plugin has been removed from this release; it's not ready
for prime time.  If you're interested in getting it running (i.e., you
want full Infobot compatibility and aren't satisfied with either
MoobotFactoids or Factoids) then swing over to #supybot and we can
discuss the tests.  We simply don't know enough about Infobot to make
sure our Infobot plugin is an exact replica, and need someone's help
with making the changes necessary for that.
